In the last lecture we finished this recipe list component.
Now let's work on the recipe detail.
Now for the recipe detail here there.
I want to output the information about the selected recipe.
So here in this age team of fall I'll add a number bootstrap role and then a Culham spanning over to
full or with.
And keep in mind to detail will be added to our component here.
And the recipes components.
So it will be in this column on the right to the list but in there I want to have a column spanning
the full away label with and I want to start by displaying the image.
So let's add the image here and let's add the image response of class to it.
Now I will fill this with life and I'll put some data there later.
BELLOTTI image I'll have the number row in this row.
Also have a column spanning the full width and here maybe I'll put the recipe name so recipe name would
be nice to see here then maybe another row with a number column in there spending the full width again.
And here what I want to add is I want to have buttons which allow me to manage this recipe.
So a button which allows us to add it to the shopping list and then one which allows us to edit it or
to delete it and actually we could use a dropdown here such dropdown may be added here by adding a div
with the bootstrap class Button group.
And again this is just how to create a nice looking dropdown using the bootstraps VSS framework which
is the framework we use in this project.
Here we need a button which will open the dropdown.
This will be of type.
Button and it will receive a class of button.
Then I'll use the button primarily lock which is this Louis button.
And very important.
It will also receive the class dropdown toggle because it will act as such on this button.
I want to say manage recipe maybe because we want to allow the user to manage just single recipe and
I want to add this span with the class carraige to have this arrow pointing to the bottom again.
And I will distribute this over multiple lines so that it's really easy to see what's going on here.
That's the button opening the dropdown below it.
Have an ordered list with the class dropdown menu and that is exactly the same set up as we chose in
the header here where we also had is dropdown menu and order list because that's the nice thing about
bootstrap drop downs work to the same no matter if you place them here in the header or use a separate
button for them.
And then here are the list items.
The separate actions I want to have the first one pointing to Chesed hash for now should actually allow
us to add ingredients to shopping list maybe.
Let's see if that is too long of a string.
Then I want to have a button which allows us to edit recipe and one which allows us to delete the recipe.
Maybe Let's rename the first one to a shopping list so that it's not that much longer.
And the other ones with that that should be a working dropdown but we're not going to find out before
we implemented something we'll do after the directive section now below does drop down your though.
I want to add another row.
And in this row here with a number of columns spanning the full width.
I want to output a description of this recipe.
Well and then at the very bottom I'll add the last row for now or is it with a full width column.
Here pull out the ingredients.
We're not storing any ingredients on our recipe now but will do so soon.
And this is a nice place to outputted.
So that is the of the detail component.
Having all the logic inside of it which we need to display the details and then having some options
to go somewhere else and our app or to triggers something as an hour app like editing the recipe will
of course add all those features for all the coords.
And now with that added and set up here let's see how that looks like.
Looks pretty good.
We got the name description ingredients a button which doesn't work of course.
We're going to fix this later in the course and we don't see the image at the top because right now
Image well doesn't have a source or anything like that.
Now of course it would be nice if we could select a recipe a year and a list and display it in this
recipe detail a component.
But one issue we have with this is we can't get our selected recipe into the detailer component because
the detail component is and this year in our recipes component where we also have to list and communicating
between the two components list and detail is something we don't know how to do right now.
We have the same issue and a component where we had to put in the code for a single item temporarily
because if we would outsource that to the recipe item component we couldn't pass our recipe in this
loop of recipes to that component.
So that crust component communication is a huge issue right now but no worries that is something we're
going to dive deeper into in the next core section and thereafter we'll come back to this and enable
all that communication which allows us to outsource this code into its own component and make these
links clickable so that we actually load the right recipe on the right before doing this.
Let's wrap up this section here.
This first part of our project but working on the shopping list feature